List:
-----
                                                         Lists are used to store multiple items in a single variable. Lists are created using square brackets. 
List items are ordered, changeable, and allow duplicate values.

Negative Indexing:
------------------
Negative indexing means start from the end
-1 refers to the last item, -2 refers to the second last item etc.

Slicing:
-------
You can specify a range of indexes by specifying where to start and where to end the range.
When specifying a range, the return value will be a new list with the specified items.

Note: The search will start at index 2 (included) and end at index 5 (not included).
* Remember that the first item has index 0.
* By leaving out the start value, the range will start at the first item.
* By leaving out the end value, the range will go on to the end of the list.

Check if Item Exists:
To determine if a specified item is present in a list use the in keyword.

Add List Items:
---------------
Append----To add an item to the end of the list, use the append() method.
Insert---To insert a list item at a specified index, use the insert() method.
Extend----To append elements from another list to the current list, use the extend() method.

Remove List Items:
------------------
Remove----The remove() method removes the specified item.When we know the value.
Pop----The pop() method removes the specified index. If you do not specify the index, the pop() method removes the last item.
Clear-----The clear() method empties the list. The list still remains, but it has no content

Sort List Alphanumerically:
List objects have a sort() method that will sort the list alphanumerically, ascending, by default.
Sort Descending:
To sort descending, use the keyword argument reverse = True.

Copy a List:
You cannot copy a list simply by typing list2 = list1, because: list2 will only be a reference to list1, 
and changes made in list1 will automatically also be made in list2.
There are ways to make a copy, one way is to use the built-in List method copy().

Reverse----The reverse() method reverses the sorting order of the elements.
Count----The count() method returns the number of elements with the specified value.
Index----The index() method returns the position at the first occurrence of the specified value.





Tuple:
------
Tuples are used to store multiple items in a single variable. A tuple is a collection which is ordered and unchangeable.

Ordered:
When we say that tuples are ordered, it means that the items have a defined order, and that order will not change.

Unchangeable:
Tuples are unchangeable, meaning that we cannot change, add or remove items after the tuple has been created.

Allow Duplicates:
Since tuples are indexed, they can have items with the same value.

