How interpreter works in python?
			
	Instead of translating source code to machine code like C++, Python code it translated to bytecode.This bytecode is a low-level set of instructions 
that can be executed by an interpreter.An interpreter is also a translator, just like a compiler, in that it takes a high level language (our source text) 
and converts it into machine code. However, it does something slightly different: it actually runs and executes the code that it translates immediately (inline)
as it translates.

Python features?
1.Easy Language. Python is an easy language. ...
2.Readable. The Python language is designed to make developers life easy. ...
3.Interpreted Language. ...
4.Dynamically-Typed Language. ...
5.Object-Oriented. ...
6.Popular and Large Community Support. ...
7.Open-Source. ...
8.Large Standard Library.

Interpreter CPython IronPython Jython?
CPython:
	CPython is the reference implementation of the Python programming language. Written in C and Python, CPython is the default and 
most widely used implementation of the Python language.CPython can be defined as both an interpreter and a compiler as it compiles 
Python code into bytecode before interpreting it. It has a foreign function interface with several languages, including C, 
in which one must explicitly write bindings in a language other than Python.
IronPython:
	IronPython is an open-source implementation of the Python programming language which is tightly integrated with .NET. 
IronPython can use .NET and Python libraries, and other .NET languages can use Python code just as easily.
Jython:
	Jython is a version of the Python programming language that runs on the Java platform. It allows users to write programs in Python and 
compile them to Java bytecodes that run directly on a Java Virtual Machine, or JVM. It’s similar to otherJVM languages like;Scala, Kotlin, Groovy, or Clojur.

Dynamically typed programming language?
	Dynamically-typed languages are those (like JavaScript) where the interpreter assigns variables a type at runtime based on the variable's value at the time

Procedure Oriented vs Object oriented programming languages?
     Procedural Oriented Programming	                                                                               Object Oriented Programming
1.In procedural programming, program is divided into small parts called functions.	 1.In object oriented programming, program is divided into small parts 
                                                                                       called objects.
2.Procedural programming follows top down approach.	                                 2.Object oriented programming follows bottom up approach.
3.There is no access specifier in procedural programming.	                         3.Object oriented programming have access specifiers like private, 
                                                                                       public, protected etc.
4.Adding new data and function is not easy.	                                         4.Adding new data and function is easy.
5.Procedural programming does not have any proper way for hiding data 
  so it is less secure.	                                                             5.Object oriented programming provides data hiding so it is more secure.
6.In procedural programming, overloading is not possible.	                         6.Overloading is possible in object oriented programming.
7.In procedural programming, function is more important than data.	                 7.In object oriented programming, data is more important than function.
8.Procedural programming is based on unreal world.	                                 8.Object oriented programming is based on real world.
9.Examples: C, FORTRAN, Pascal, Basic etc.	                                         9.Examples: C++, Java, Python, C# etc.



Setting path in python. Importance:
Before starting working with Python, a specific path is to set. Your Python program and executable code can reside in any directory of your system, 
therefore Operating System provides a specific search path that index the directories Operating System should search for executable code.


Environment variables importance in python:
Environment variables help programs know what directory to install files in, where to store temporary files, and where to find user profile settings. 
They help shape the environment that the programs on your computer use to run.

Different ways to run python program:
Here are the ways with which we can run a Python script.
Interactive Mode.
Command Line.
Text Editor (VS Code)
IDE (PyCharm)


source file:
Python source files are files that contain Python source code. 
PYW files are invoked on pythonw.exe instead of python.exe in order to prevent a DOS console from popping up to display the output.

compiler:
Python is an interpreted programming language and has different execution environments. ... The compiler is a special program that is 
written in a specific programming language to convert the human-readable language i.e. high-level language to machine-readable language
 i.e. low-level language